Me, Myself, and I
    Religious/Irreverent
"Marriage is solely defined as the conjoinment of a man and woman."
"There should be seperation between Church and State."
"Churches should be taxed."
"There should be a higher barrier to entry to be considered a religion in the United States."
"There should be increased regulation on what is taught in religious schools."
"Parents of children who attend private schools should not pay taxes towards public schools."
"Priests should be made mandatory reporters of abuse, even abuse admitted during confession."
"Science takes a higher priority than faith."
"Religion and morals go hand in hand."
"Someone who is not religious is not moral."
    Tradition/Progress
"Tradition should be mostly preserved."
"The 10 commandments should be taught to every child."
"Science is a choice."
"My values trump those of others."
"My children will be taught my values, and will uphold them as long as they live under my roof."
"If someone tells me I am wrong based on new information, I will accept that."
"Change is good."
"Sometimes, the old way is just better."
"Spanking is parenting."
"If I had children, I would be their friend as well as their parent."
"Gay couples should not be allowed to adopt."
    Respect/Rebellion
"Rebellion is always traitorous, regardless of what it's against."

Us
    Control/Freedom
"Everyone should own a gun."
"Everyone above the age of 18 should be required to take a firearms safety course"
    Authority/Democracy
"The government should have more power than the people"
    Federation/Unitary

Them
    War/Peace
"Terrorism is a real threat to America"
"War is a necessary thing"
    Seclusion/Immigration
"Borders should be open to immigration"
    Isolation/Globalism
"The U.S. should protect her interests at all costs"

Others
    Equality/Equity
"Descendants of former slaves should be paid reparations"
"All non whites in the United States should be paid reparations"
"The only reparations given to any minority should be lawful change"
    Hardship/Compassion

    Charity/Compulsion
"The minimum wage should be $15 and increased every year proportional to inflation"
"The minimum wage should be abolished, the free market will set a correct minimum wage"